Four kilometres from Sintra’s historic centre, and bearing witness to the eclectic tastes of the 19th century, are the peerless Palace and Park of Monserrate, where the exotic vegetal motifs of the building’s interior decoration extend harmoniously to the gardens outside.
The lawn in front of the palace offers you the chance to enjoy a well-earned rest as you set about discovering one of the richest botanical gardens and one of the most beautiful Romantic landscapes ever created in Portugal.
The estate of Monserrate was rented by Gerard de Visme (1789), a wealthy English merchant, who built a house there in the neo-Gothic style.
William Beckford then subleased Monserrate in 1793-1794, but, in 1809, when Lord Byron visited the property, the house was already in ruins.
The estate’s sublime appearance was a source of inspiration for the poet, who sang of the beauty of Monserrate in his poem Childe Harold’s Pilgrimage, after which it became obligatory for foreign travellers to visit the property.
This was especially true for English visitors, who made vivid descriptions of Monserrate in their countless travel reports and illustrated it in many engravings.
One of the most famous visitors was Francis Cook, another extremely wealthy English industrialist, who was later decorated by King Luís with the title of Viscount of Monserrate and subrogated the estate in 1856.
The effective acquisition of the property took place in 1863, with the architect James Knowles beginning the work of transforming what remained of the house built by de Visme.
Displaying distinctly medieval and oriental-style influences, the decoration of the Palace of Monserrate makes it, along with the Palace of Pena, one of the most important examples of Romantic architecture in Portugal.
Over the years, the surrounding gardens have welcomed plant species from all over the world.
Organised according to geographical areas (perhaps most notably that of Mexico), the gardens reflect the diverse origins of the plants, composing different scenic effects along the paths that lead you through ruins and hidden nooks and crannies, past lakes and waterfalls.
It was, therefore, thanks to the intervention of the painter William Stockdale and the master gardener Francis Burt, but above all the romantic spirit of Francis Cook, that the Park of Monserrate grew to become what it is today.
In the various gardens, as you walk along winding paths and commune with spontaneously growing species from the region (such as strawberry trees, holly bushes and imposing cork-trees), you will find surprisingly contrasting scenery, with the sudden appearance of age-old araucarias and palm-trees, and tree ferns from Australia and New Zealand, as well as agaves and yuccas recreating a corner of Mexico.
This walk through the botanical delights of five continents also offers you camellias, azaleas, rhododendrons and bamboos, evoking memories of a Japanese garden.
The estate and the Palace were bought by the Portuguese State in 1949.
The Park and Palace of Monserrate were classified as a Property of Public Interest in 1993, and were included in the Cultural Landscape of Sintra, which has been classified by UNESCO as World Heritage since 1995.
In 2000, responsibility for the management of the estate was transferred to Parques de Sintra, which embarked upon a profound programme of recovery and restoration work.
This has made it possible to reopen the Palace to the public, while returning the Park’s historic gardens to their former glory.
In 2013, the Park of Monserrate was distinguished with a European Garden Award under the category of the “Best Development of a Historic Park or Garden”.
It was restored in 1858 for Sir Francis Cook, an English baronet created Viscount of Monserrate by King Luís I.
Monserrate turned to an English architect, James Knowles Jr., for designs.
The design was influenced by Romanticism and Mudéjar Moorish Revival architecture with Neo-Gothic elements.
The eclecticism is a fine example of the Sintra Romanticism, along with other nearby palácios, such as the Pena Palace and the Quinta do Relógio.
The Islamic architectural influence is in reference to when the region was a part of the wider Muslim Gharb Al-Andalus until the 13th century.
The terrace leads out into the large park.
It is designed in a romantic style with a lake, several springs and fountains, grottoes, and is surrounded by lush greenery with rare species.
The Monserrate Palace briefly appears on the 1996 TV miniseries Gulliver's Travels.
The Palacio de Monserrate (Monserrate Palace), is one of the most beautiful and visually striking mansions of Sintra, but as it 3.5km from the historic centre many visitors simply overlook this stunning palace.
Monserrate Palace seamlessly blends Arabic, gothic and Indian architectural styles to create a wonderful summer house that is surrounded by beautiful gardens; when you visit Sintra do not miss-out on this hidden gem.
This guide will provide an introduction to Palacio de Monserrate, with tourist and travel information listed at the end of the article.
The actual palace was imagined by an Englishman, Sir Francis Cook, who decided to build a summer residence from the ruins of a pre-existent neo-gothic palace around 1860.
Located about 3.5 km from the Sintra historical center, the stunning Monserrate Park and Palace continues the 19th century Romanticism architectural style found throughout of Sintra.
While getting lost in the park, one can imagine travelling around the world while watching the different exotic species, only to be surprised afterwards by the marvellous palace, featuring Indian, Gothic and Moorish influences, which emerges at the top of the typical British lawn.
A regular tour around Monserrate can take between 1-2 hours, depending on the exploration of the places and information.
When you buy the ticket, you will receive a map which allows you to go around easily by yourself.
The best way to do the visit is starting by exploring the garden, through the scenic path, instead of going straight to the Palace.
There are lots of surprising spots along the way, such as an amazing waterfall, a ruined chapel or a Mexican garden.
It is advised to be careful on the way down, since the most picturesque way is also the hardest.
The garden is interesting throughout the whole year, since the different species have different blossoming times.
In the afternoon the sunlight has a particular shine, but in Sintra, one never knows if the typical fog won’t appear unexpectedly, so always bring a coat with you!
The Palace has been emptied from its furniture and collections in the middle of the 20th century, so don’t expect to find a museum.
For about fifty years the building was virtually abandoned and it deteriorated a lot.
The restoration processes began in 2000.
Nevertheless, the surprise of finding such an unexpected exotic architecture, fine materials and an elaborate plaster decoration make the visit worth.
The old photographs exhibited in the different rooms are also a good way of travelling back to the Cook Family time.
The palace itself is not very big, but the rooms themselves are worth exploring.
One of the highlights inside the palace is the Music Hall, still used nowadays for cultural events.
Surrounded by inspirational muses, this Hall has impressive acoustics.
Other inside spot one should not miss is the Kitchen with its technological wood burning stove, which provided hot water for the boiler, thus integrating the heating system of the house.
This was considered very modern at the time.
The price to visit the Park and Palace of Monserrate for an adult is between €6.50 (low season) and €8.00 (high season).
There are discounts for young people (under 18) and seniors (over 65).
There are also combined tickets with other monuments in Sintra.
The opening hours are between 9.30-10.00 and 17.00-19.00 (for the palace) and 18.00-20.00 (for the park), depending on the season.
Last ticket is 30 minutes (palace) to 1 hour (park) before closing time.
Monserrate Palace is open 7 days a week (except for a few key holidays), unlike many of Lisbon's monuments which are closed on Mondays.
Further information regarding opening times and entrance fees can be consulted at the Parques de Sintra website:
At the centre of a lush, 30-hectare park, a manicured lawn sweeps up to this whimsical, Moorish-Gothic-Indian palácio, the 19th-century romantic folly of English millionaire Sir Francis Cook.
The wild and rambling gardens were created in the 18th century by wealthy English merchant Gerard de Visme, then enlarged by landscape painter William Stockdale (with help from London’s Kew Gardens).
Its wooded hillsides bristle with exotic foliage, from Chinese weeping cypress to dragon trees and Himalayan rhododendrons.
Seek out the Mexican garden nurturing palms, yuccas and agaves, and the bamboo-fringed Japanese garden abloom with camellias.
The park is 3.5km west of Sintra-Vila.
The palace was designed by the architects Thomas James Knowles (father and son) and built in 1858, having been commissioned by Sir Francis Cook, Viscount of Monserrate.
The design of the gardens took advantage of the unique microclimates of the mountains to produce a magnificent park in which over 3,000 exotic species can still be seen today.
Monserrate Palace is in Monserrate Park, in the parish of São Martinho.
This palace, the Cook family's summer residence, was constructed on the ruins of the neo-Gothic mansion built by the English merchant, Gerard de Visme, who built the first palace of Monserrate.
William Beckford leased the property in 1793, carrying out works on the palace and starting to create a landscape garden.
Like the other palaces in the region, such as the Pena Palace, this is an example of Portuguese Romanticism.
Since 1978 it has been classified as a Building of Public Interest.
Monserrate Palace was visited by Lord Byron, the Anglo-Scottish poet and leading figure in the Romantic Movement.
He visited the estate in 1809 and sang of its beauty in the poem "Childe Harold's Pilgrimage".
Monserrate Palace also makes a brief appearance in the TV mini-series, "Gulliver's Travels" (1996).
Walking among the trees from all over the world, waterfalls and ponds, a romantic mysticism enshrouds the visitor.
