How much does it cost to visit the Park and Palace of Monserrate for an adult?
How much does it cost to visit the Park and Palace of Monserrate?
What is the cost of a ticket?
How much do the tickets cost?
How much does it cost to visit the Park and Palace of Monserrate in low season for an adult?
How much does it cost to visit the Park and Palace of Monserrate in high season for an adult?
How much does it cost for an adult to visit the Park and Palace of Monserrate?
What is the price for an adult to visit the Park and Palace of Monserrate?
How much does it cost for an adult to visit the Park and Palace of Monserrate in low and high season?
How much does it cost for an adult to visit the Park and Palace of Monserrate on low and high seasons?
How much does it cost to visit the Park and Palace of Monserrate for a child?
How much does it cost to visit the Park and Palace of Monserrate in low season for a child?
How much does it cost to visit the Park and Palace of Monserrate in high season for a child?
How much does it cost to visit the Park and Palace of Monserrate ub high season for a child?
How much does it cost to visit a park in Lisbon for an adult?
How much does it cost?
How much is the entrance?
How much is the visit?
How much is the high season ticket?
How much is the low season ticket?
How much is ticket?
How much do I have to pay for the visit?
What is the cost of a ticket in low season?
What is the cost of a ticket in high season?
How much does the visit cost?
What is the difference in price between high season and low season?
What is the price of visiting Park and Palace of Monserrate?
What is the price of visiting Park and Palace of Monserrate in high season as an adult?
What is the price of visiting Park and Palace of Monserrate in low season as an adult?
How much do you have to pay in low season for a ticket?
How much do you have to pay in high season for a ticket?
When did the restoration processes begin?
In what year did the restoration processes begin?
When did the restoration processes start?
What started in 2000?
What began in 2000?
What has begun in 2000?
What has began in 2000?
What kind of processes began in 2000?
When did the restoration start?
When did they start to restore it?
When did they initiate the restoration processes?
The restoration processes started in what year?
What type of processes started in 2000?
What type of processes there were in 2000?
What processes started in 2000?
When did restoration start?
Restoration started in what year?
When did William Beckford sublease Monserrate?
Who subleased Monserrate from 1793 to 1794?
Who subleased Monserrate in 1793-1794?
When did Lord Byron visit the property?
Who visited the property in 1809?
How was the house when Lord Byron visited the property?
Who saw that the house was already in ruins in 1809?
What happened between 1793 and 1794?
What happened to the house?
What is the history of this house?
What happened to the property?
What happened to this property?
When was Monserrate subleased by William Beckford?
In what year was Monserrate subleased by William Beckford?
In what year did Lord Byron visit the property?
In what year did Lord Byson visit the property?
In what state was the house when Lord Byron visited?
In what state was the house when Lord Byson visited?
When did Lord Byron visit Monserrate?
What did Lord Byron find when he visited the property?
What did Lord Byron found when he visited the property?
What can I see along the way?
Is there something surprising along the way?
How are the waterfalls?
What amazing surprising spots are along the way?
What kind of amazing and surprising spots are along the way?
How does the chapel look?
How does the chapel look like?
What type of garden exists along the way?
What type of garden will we find along the way?
What are the places of interest along the way?
What is the state of the chapel?
What kind of garden is it?
Could you give me an example of interesting places along the way?
Could you give me an example of interesting spots along the way?
Could you give me an example of interesting things the way?
Could you give me an example of interesting things along the way?
What interesting things are there to see along the way?
Are there any surprising spots along the way?
Are there any surprises along the way?
What is interesting about this way?
Is that the only surprising spot along the way?
What spots are on the way?
Is there any surprinsing spots coming?
Is there any surprising spots coming?
What surprises are coming?
What type of garden is coming?
How is the chapel?
Is there a garden along the way?
Is there a chapel along the way?
Will we pass by the waterfall as we go?
Will we pass by the waterfall as we go there?
Whats does the walk through the botanical delight offers you?
Whats does the walk through the botanical delight of five continents offers you?
What type of plants does the walk through the botanical delight offer you?
What type of plants does the walk through the botanical delights offer you?
What type of plants does the walk through the botanical delight offers you?
What kind of memories can the plants evoke in you?
What kind of memories the plants bring to mind?
Which continents do the plants come from?
Which places do the plants come from?
What kind of flowers can be seen in the walk?
What kind of plants can be seen in the walk?
What does this walk offer?
Is this the only offer this walk has to give?
Is this the only offer this walk provides?
What else does this walk offer?
What are you offered in a walk through the botanical delights of five continents?
What memories does the garden evoke?
What type of garden does it remind you of?
What is also offered by the botanical delights of five continents?
Which flora is present in the botanical garden?
Which flora is presented in the botanical garden?
What does it remind of?
Who was Sir Francis Cook?
Who made Sir Francis Cook Viscount of Monserrate?
For whom was it restored?
When was it restored?
When was it restored?
What was the nationality of the baronet Sir Francis Cook?
What was it that was restored?
What was restored?
Which king gave him the title of Viscount of Monserrate?
Who was it restored for?
Who made Sir Francis Cook the Viscount of Monserrate?
Who was empowered to make Sir Francis Cook the Viscount of Monserrate?
Who was responsible for Sir Francis Cook's title of Viscount of Monserrate?
Who titled Sir Francis Cook Viscount of Monserrate?
In what year was it restored?
What title did King Luis I give Sir Francis Cook?
What title King Luís gave Sir Francis Cook?
What title King Luis I gave Sir Francis Cook?
What was Sir Francis Cook before being named Viscount of Monserrate?
It was restored in 1858 for who?
What did the design of the gardens take advantage of?
What is unique?
What has unique microclimates?
How is the park?
How many exotic species can still be seen today?
Can the exotic species still be seen today?
Where can exotic species still be seen today?
What took advantage of the unique microclimates of the mountains?
What did the design of the gardens produce?
What kind of species can be seen in the park?
What do the mountains have that affected the gardens?
How many exotic species are there in the park?
What is unique about these gardens?
How many exotic species are there?
What is interesting about the design of the gardens?
What makes the garden's design unique?
What were the advantages of this design?
What did the microclimates of the mountains produce?
Why is this a magnificient park?
Why is this a magnificent park?
What type of species can be seen in the park?
How was the garden designed?
Who were the English visitors?
Who described Monserrate in travel reports?
Who described Monserrate?
Who made vivid descriptions?
Who made vivid descriptions of Monserrate?
Who made illustrations of Monserrate?
Who made illustrations?
For whom was this especially true?
What did the English visitors made in their countless travel reports?
What did the English visitors say in their countless travel reports?
Of what place were the vivid descrpitions?
From what place were the vivid descriptions from?
Of what place were the vivid descriptions made by the English visitors?
From what place were the vivid descriptions made by the English visitors from?
Where did the English visitors made the vivid descriptions of Monserrate?
Where did the English visitors make the vivid descriptions of Monserrate?
What was illustrated in the travel reports made by the English visitors?
Where were the visitors from?
What did the English visitors do?
How did the English visitors describe Monserrate?
How did the English visitors illustrate Monserrate?
Who was this true for?
Who did this apply to?
Where did the English visitors make vivid descriptions?
Where did the English visitors made travel reports?
How were they illustrated?
For whom was this true?
Why it is advised to be careful on the way down?
What is the hardest on the way down?
Why it is advised to be careful on the way down in the most picturesque way?
Why is it advised to be careful on the way down in the most picturesque way?
What are the advises concerning the most picturesque way?
What advices are there concerning the most picturesque way?
What advises are concerning the most picturesque way?
What are the precautions to take on the way down?
Is the most picturesque way easy to access?
Is the most picturesque way hard to access?
Should we pay attention to any specific parts of the path?
Should we pay attention to any specific parts of the way?
Should we have any concerns during the visit?
Should we have any concerns during the walk?
Is it dangerous?
Should we be careful on the way down?
Should we be careful?
Should we be concerned about anything?
Why do you need to be careful?
What is the hardest?
Where is it advised to be careful?
Where should I be careful?
Where should we be careful?
Which direction is the hardest?
Which direction is the most picturesque?
Which way is more picturesque?
Until when was the region part of the wider Muslim Gharb Al-Andalus?
Why are there Islamic architectural influences?
What is the architectural influence of the palace?
What is the architectural influence?
What is the architectural influence of the palace?
What is the architectural influence?
Until what century was the region part of the wider Muslim Gharb Al-Andalus?
What are the Islamic architectal influences due to?
What are the Islamic architectural influences due to?
What was the region a part of until the 13th century?
What happened to the region after the 13th century?
What originated this architecture style?
What architecture does it follow?
When was the architecture influenced?
What was the region part of?
What spots shouldn't I miss?
What spots shouldn't we miss?
Are there more technological innovations in the house?
What can you tell me about the Kitchen's stove?
What can you tell me about the heating system of the house?
What can you tell us about the Kitchen's stove?
What can you tell us about the heating system of the house?
What spot can't I miss?
Why shoudn't I miss the Kitchen?
Why shouldn't I miss the Kitchen?
Why shoudn't we miss the Kitchen?
Why shouldn't we miss the Kitchen?
What provided hot water for the boiler?
What provided hot water for the boiler, thus integrating the heating system of the house?
What spot is important to visit?
What did the kitchen have?
What did the wood burning stove do?
How did the heating system work?
What other interesting objects are there in the kitchen?
What other interesting spots are there in the kitchen?
What other interesting spots are there?
What other interesting facts are there about the kitchen?
What other interesting details are there in the kitchen?
What are other interesting details about the kitchen?
What are other interesting facts about the kitchen?
Why shouldn't you miss the Kitchen?
What did the technological wood burning stove provide?
What did the technological wood burning stove provided?
What did the technlogical wood burning stove provided?
What was the hot water used for?
How did the heating system of the house work?
How did the heating system of the house worked?
How was the house heated?
Who built the first palace of Monserrate?
What was the style of the mansion built by the English merchant, Gerard de Visme?
Was this palace the Cook family 's summer residence?
Which family resided in the palace during the summer?
This palace was constructed on which ruins?
Who built the first palace of Monserrate?
Who was Gerard de Visme?
What was Gerard de Visme job?
What was Gerard de Visme occupation?
What was Gerard de Visme profession?
What was Gerard de Visme nationality?
This palace is the summer residence of which family?
This palace was the summer residence of which family?
What was the name of the man who built the first palace of Monserrate?
What did the English merchant built?
What did the English merchant build?
What was the name of the English merchant who built the neo-Gothic mansion?
The Cook's family summer residence was constructed in which ruins?
The Cook's family summer residence was constructed on which ruins?
Who owns this palace?
What was the Cook family's summer residence?
Whose residence does this belong to?
Who's residence does this belong to?
Who lived here?
What was the Cook's family summer residence?
What was this palace constructed on?
Where was this Palace constructed on?
Where was this palaced constructed on?
What was constructed on the ruins of the neo-Gothic mansion?
What is the name of the English merchant who built the first palace of Monserrate?
Are there combined tickets?
Are there combined tickets with other monuments in Sintra?
Do combined tickets with other monuments in Sintra exist?
What type of combined tickets exist?
What type of combined tickets are there?
What monuments can be visited in Sintra?
What other options are there?
What other tickets are there?
Are there any other tickets?
What other options do I have?
What other tickets can we get?
What other tickets can we buy?
What other type of tickets are there?
What other type of tickets there are?
What tickets can you buy in Sintra?
What tickets are best for visiting a lot of monuments?
Can I get combined tickets?
Are combined tickets available?
Do Sintra monuments have combined tickets?
Who carried out works on the palace in 1793?
Who created a landscape garden in 1793?
Who leased the property in 1793?
When was the property leased?
Who created a landscape garden?
What happened in 1793?
What did William Beckford do?
In 1973 what did William Beckford do?
What did William Beckford start to create?
What did William Beckford start to create in 1973?
What did William Beckford start to create in 1793?
What did William Beckford started to create in 1973?
What did William Beckford carry out in 1973?
What did William Beckford carry out in 1793?
Where did William Beckford carry out the works?
Who was the property leased to in 1793?
What sort of works did William Beckford carry in the property?
When was the landscape garden initially created?
What impact did William Beckford have on the property?
What impact had William Beckford on the property?
What did William Beckford decide to do with the property?
What did William Beckford do with the property?
In what year was the property leased?
What was carried out on the palace?
What was he starting to create?
What was starting to create?
What did William Beckford do on the property?
What did William Beckford did on the property?
What did William Beckform did on the property?
When was it classified as a Building of Public Interest?
What was classified as a Building of Public Interest?
Since when has it been classified as a Building of Public Interest?
What changed since 1978?
What was classified in 1978 as a Building of Public Interest?
Since when was it classified as a Building of Public Interest?
What year was it classified as a Building of Public Interest?
In which year was it classified as a Building of Public Interest?
Since what year was it classified as a Building of Public Interest?
What was it classified as?
What is the classification of the building?
What is it classified as?
On what year did it get this classification?
What information can be consulted at the website?
What information is on the website?
What information can be consulted at the Parques de Sintra's website?
What are the opening times?
What is the entrance fee?
What are the entrance fees?
What are the opening times and entrance fees?
Where can I get further information regarding visits?
Where can we get further information regarding visits?
When can I visit?
When can I visit the Palace?
When can we visit?
How much does it cost to visit?
How much does it cost to visit the Palace?
What is the Parques de Sintra website address?
What information is on the Parques de Sintra's website?
What information is on the Parques de Sintra's website?
Where can I find further information regarding Parques de Sintra?
Where can I consult entrance fees information?
Where can I consult information regarding entrance fees?
Where can I consult the opening times of Parques de Sintra?
In what website can I obtain more information?
Where can I get information about opening times?
What information can I get at Parques de Sitra website?
What information can I get at Parques de Sintra website?
Where can I get more information about opening times?
Where can I get information about entrance fees?
Where can I get more information about entrance fees?
Where can I know more about the visit?
Where can I find the costs of visiting?
Where can I find the visiting times?
Who designed the palace?
When was the palace built?
Who commissioned the construction of the palace?
What was Sir Francis Cook noble tittle? 
What was Sir Francis Cook noble title? 
What was Sir Francis Cook noble title? 
What was comissioned by Sir Francis Cook?
What was commissioned by Sir Francis Cook?
What did the architects Thomas James Knowles designed?
What did the architects Thomas James Knowles design?
In what year was the palace built?
What was the relation between the architects?
What was the relationship between the architects?
What was built in 1958?
What was built in 1858?
What palace did Thomas James Knowles design?
What palace did the family Knowles design?
What palace did Sir Francis Cook build?
What palace did the Viscount of Monserrate build?
What palace did the Viscount of Monserrate commission the architects Thomas James Knowles to design?
What palace did Sir Francis Cook commission the architects Thomas James Knowles to design?
By whom was the palace commissioned?
By whom was the palace's architecture designed?
By whom was the palace designed?
In which year was the palace built?
At what time was the palace built?
Which architects designed the palace?
The palace was designed by whom?
Who were Thomas James Knowles?
How did Thomas James Knowles (father and son) contribute to the palace?
Who was Sir Francis Cook?
What is the name of the Viscount of Monserrate?
Who authorized the building?
Who authorized the construction of the building?
How far is Monserrate from Sintra's center?
How far is Monserrate from the center?
What are the main features of Monserrate's Palace and Park?
What does Monserrate offer to visitors?
What are the motifs of the Palace interiors?
How far is Monserrate from Sintra's historic center?
To where do the exotic vegetal motifs extend?
What is located four kilometres away from Sintra's historic centre?
What bears witness to the eclectic tastes of the 19th century?
Which century influenced the design of the Palace and Park of Monserrate?
How were the tastes of the 19th century?
What is the relation between the building's interior and gardens outside?
How would you describe the Palace and Park of Monserrate?
What is there around Sintra's historic centre?
What is there near Sintra's historic centre?
What is there close to Sintra's historic centre?
Are there any beautiful historic places near Sintra's historic centre?
What can be found near Sintra's historic centre?
What points of interest can be found near Sintra's historic centre?
What kind of eclectic tastes does the Palace and Park of Monserrate reassemble?
What is the distance from Sintra's center to the Palace of Monserrate?
What is the distance from Sintra's center to the Park of Monserrate?
How do the exotic vegetal theme of the building's interior decoration fit?
How does the exotic vegetal theme of the building's interior decoration fit?
What is the theme of the interior decoration?
How is the building's interior decoration like?
How is the Palace decoration like?
How was the palace's interior decorated?
What type of vegetal motifs are in the interior?
From where are the rhododendrons?
From where came the cypress?
From where came the rhododendrons?
Give me examples of exotic foliage.
Where are the cypress from?
Where are the rhododendrons from?
Is there foliage on the hillsides?
How are the wooded hillsides?
What is weeping cypress?
What are dragon trees?
What are Himalayan rhododendrons?
What does weeping cypress look like?
What do dragon trees look like?
What do Himalayan rhododendrons look like?
What is there on the hillsides?
What is there to the hillsides?
What foliage is there on the hillsides?
What are examples of foliage on the hillsides?
What are examples of foliage on its' hillsides?
What does the wooded hillsides bristle with?
How does the wooded hillsides bristle?
What bristles with exotic fooliage?
What bristles with exotic foliage?
What kind of foliage is there?
What kind of foliage there is?
Is there Chinese foliage?
What type of Chinese fooliage is there?
What type of Chinese foliage there is?
What type of Chinese fooliage there is?
What type of Himalayan foliage is there?
What type of Himalayan foliage there is?
Describe the hillsides.
What can be found on the hillsides?
What can be found on hillsides?
What are the hillsides composed of?
What are hillsides composed of?
What has the palace been emptied from?
When was the palace emptied?
What shouldn't you expect to find?
What has the palace been emptied from in the middle of the 20th century?
What can you expect not to find?
Where are the furniture and collections?
When were the furniture and collections emptied from the Palace?
What happened to the palace in the middle of the 20th century?
What was emptied from the palace in the 20th century?
What was the palace emptied from in the 20th century?
Why isn't there any furniture in the palace?
Why aren't there any collections in the palace?
What cannot be found in the palace?
Are the furniture and collections still in the palace?
What is the state of the Palace?
What happened to the Palace's furniture and collections?
What happened in the 20th century that lead to the emptying of the palace?
What can we expect to find in the Palace?
What can you find inside the Palace?
What is there inside the Palace?
Are there any interesting items inside the Palace?
What can we find inside the Palace?
What was the palace emptied from?
What happened to the furniture and collections of the Palace?
In what century was the palace emptied?
What happened to the Palace in the middle of the 20th century?
Why shouldn't you expect to find a museum?
What shouldn't you expect to find?
Does the Palace have furniture?
Does the Palace have any collections?
Is the Palace like a museum?
Who bought the estate?
Who bought the Palace?
Who bought the estate and the Palace?
When was the estate bought?
When was the Palace bought?
When were the estate and the Palace bought?
What was bought in 1949?
What was bought?
What happened to the estate in 1949?
What happened to the Palace in 1949?
What happened to the estate and the Palace in 1949?
What happened in 1949?
The estate was bought by the Portuguese State?
The Palace was bought by the Portuguese State?
The estate and the Palace were bought by the Portuguese State?
Who owns the estate and the Palace?
Who owns the Palace?
What was bought by the Portuguese State in 1949?
What was bought by the Portuguese State?
What was bought by the Portuguese State in 1949?
What was bought by the Portuguese State?
What did the Portuguese State buy in 1949?
When did the Portuguese State buy the estate and the Palace?
Who owns the estate?
When have these been bought?
When has the estate been bought?
When has the Palace been bought?
What did the Portuguese State buy?
What has the Portuguese State bought?
What does the Portuguese State own?
In what year were the Palace and the estate bought?
In what year was the Palace and the estate bought?
In what year did the Portuguese State buy the Palace?
In what year did the Portuguese State bought the Palace?
What was considered modern at the time?
What was this considered at the time?
When was it considered very modern?
What was considered very modern?
Was this trendy at the time?
Was this considered modern at the time?
How was it considered at the time?
Was the Palace considered modern at the time?
Was Monserrate considered modern at the time?
What is exhibited in the different rooms?
Why are old photographs exhibited in the different rooms?
Where are the old photos exhibited?
How can the old photographs exhibited in the different rooms make you feel?
What can the old photographs exhibited in the different rooms make you feel?
Is there a good way to travel back to the Cook Family time?
What kind of photos are exhibited in the different rooms?
What do the different rooms contain?
What is a good way to learn more about the Cook Family?
What is a good way to learn more about the Cook's Family?
How can I learn more about the Cook Family?
How can I learn more about the Cook's Family?
Where are the old photographs?
Where are the photographs about the Cook Family?
Where are the photographs about the Cook's Family?
What are other good ways to experience the times of the Cook Family?
What other good ways are there to experience the times of the Cook Family?
How else can we experience the times of the Cook Family?
Where do the old photographs take you back to?
Where does the old photographs take you bake to?
Where are the old photographs exhibited?
What is a good way to travel back to the Cook Family time?
To what time do you travel back to?
What type of photographs are exhibited?
To whose family time you travel back in the old photographs?
Is there a good way to relive the Cook's Family time?
Who are the people from the photos?
Who are the people from the photos?  
Who are people from photos?
Which family appears on the photos?
Which family is exhibited on the photos?
Which family is exhibited on photos?
What plants are in the garden?
What can I find in the garden?
What can I seek out?
What does the Mexican garden nurture?
What kind of plants does the Mexican garden nurture?
What should I seek out?
What are palms?
What are yuccas?
What are agaves?
What are camellias?
What is bamboo?
What do palms look like?
What do yuccas look like?
What do agaves look like?
What do camellias look like?
What does bamboo look like?
What does the Mexican garden contain?
What does the Japanese garden contain?
What can I see in the Mexican garden?
What can I see in the Japanese garden?
Where can I see the palms, yuccas and agaves?
Where can I see the camellias?
What should we seek out for?
What should we look for?
What is interesting about this place?
What is there so special about this place?
What interesting gardens are there?
Which gardens should we visit?
Are there any gardens we should visit?
What types of gardens should you seek out?
What plants should you seek out?
How are the gardens themed?
How is the garden themed?
Which plants compose the gardens?
Which plants compose the garden?
Which plants can be found on the gardens?
Which plants are found on the garden?
Which flowers are planted on the gardens?
Which flowers are planted on the garden?
Which trees are planted on the gardens?
Which trees are planted on the garden?
When is the palace open?
When is the palace open in the morning?
What time does the park close?
What are the opening hours of the palace?
Until what time can I visit the palace tomorrow?
What are the opening hours for the palace?
What depends on the season?
Do the opening hours depend on the season?
What time does the palace close?
At what time does the palace close?
What are the opening hours for the park?
Does the season affect the opening hours of the palace and park?
What time does the palace open?
At what time does the palace open?
What time does the park open?
At what time does the park open?
When does the Palace open at 9.30?
When does the Palace open?
When does the park open at 9.30?
Does the park open at 9.30?
When does the Palace open at 10.00?
Does the Palace open at 10.00?
When does the park open at 10.00?
When does the park open?
When does the Palace close at 17.00?
When does the Palace close?
When does the Palace close at 19.00?
Does the Palace close at 19.00?
When does the park close at 18.00?
When does the park close?
When does the park close at 20.00?
Does the park close at 20.00?
When will the palace open this week?
When will the garden open this week?
When will the palace close this week?
When will the garden close this week?
When will the palace open the next week?
When will the garden open the next week?
When will the palace close the next week?
When will the garden close the next week?
When will the palace open tomorrow?
When will the garden open tomorrow?
When will the palace close tomorrow?
When will the garden close tomorrow?
At what time is it open?
When does it open?
At which time is it open?
At what time are the Palace and Park open?
When does the Palace and Park open?
At what time is the Palace open?
At what time is the Park open?
At what time does it close?
In what time is the palace open?
When does the palace open?
In what time is the park open?
When does is the park open?
When does the palace close?
At what time does the park close?
For how many hours is the palace open?
For how many hours is the park open?
What influences the opening hours?
When can I visit the palace?
When can I visit the park?
Where is the Monserrate Park and Palace located?
How far from the Sintra historical center is the Monserrate Park and Palace located?
How far is Monserrate from Sintra?
How far is Monserrate from the center?
How far is the Palace from Sintra?
How far is the Palace from the center?
What do the Monserrate Park and Palace continue?
What can you find throughout Sintra?
What architectural style can be found throughout Sintra?
What century architectural style can be found throughout Sintra?
What is located about 3.5 km from the Sintra historical centre?
What can be found throughout Sintra?
The 19th century Romanticism architectual style found throughout Sintra is continued by whom?
The 19th century Romanticism architectural style found throughout Sintra is continued by which monument?
The 19th century Romanticism architectual style found throughout Sintra is continued by who?
Who continues the 19th century Romanticism architectual style found throughout Sintra?
Which monument continues the 19th century Romanticism architectural style found throughout Sintra?
What do the Monserrate Park and Palace look like?
Where is the Monserrate Park and Palace?
Do the Monserrate Park and Palace follow the architectural style of Sintra?
What is located about 3.5 km from Sintra center?
What is the distance between the Palace and Sintra's center?
What is stunning?
To what century does the Romanticism architectural style belong to?
What architectural style does the palace continue?
What type of architectural style do you find in Monserrate?
What type of architectural style do you find in Sintra?
Where can I rest a bit?
Where can I rest for a while?
Where can we rest for a while?
Where is the lawn?
Where is the Palace's lawn?
What can you tell me about the gardens?
What can you tell us about the gardens?
What can you tell us about the Palace's lawn?
What can you tell me about the Palace's lawn?
What can you tell us about the Palace's lawn?
What can you tell me about the Palace's lawn?
What does the lawn in front of the palace offer me?
What can you tell me about the landscapes?
What can you tell us about the landscapes?
How are the gardens and landscapes?
How are the gardens?
How is the landscape?
What can I do in the palace?
What are the richest botanical gardens in Portugal?
What are the most beautiful Romantic landscapes in Portugal?
What is in front of the palace?
What does the lawn in front of the Palace offer?
What is there in front of the Palace?
Is there anything special in front of the Palace?
Is there anything interesting in front of the Palace?
Where can we find beautiful gardens?
Where can we find gardens with variety?
Where can we find gardens with varied botanical species?
What offers you a chance to rest?
What does the lawn offer?
What does the lawn offers you?
What are you set to discover?
How are the landscapes?
How is the botanical garden?
Who built the palace?
Who imagined the palace?
Who was Sir Francis Cook?
Who was Francis Cook?
Who built a summer residence?
What was built from the ruins?
What existed before the actual palace?
What existed before the summer residence?
What was the style of the previous palace?
What was built in 1860?
When was the actual palace built?
To whom belonged the palace?
To whom belonged the summer residence?
Who was the owner of the palace?
Who was the owner of the summer residence?
Who imagined the actual palace?
What was the nationality of Sir Francis Cook?
What did Sir Francis Cook decided to do?
What has Sir Francis Cook decided to do?
The summer residence was built from what?
What was the summer residence built from?
Who designed the palace?
What did Sir Francis Cook use the palace for?
What did the Viscount of Monserrate use the palace for?
Can you describe the ruins that were in place before the palace?
What was the condition of the neo-gothic palace?
Who would think of such building?
Who would think of such palace?
Who would think of such place?
How did this building come to life?
How did this palace come to life?
What is the nationality of Sir Francis Cook?
What is the natinality of who imagined the palace?
What is the nationality of who imagined the palace?
From what was the palace built?
In what year was the palace built?
When was the palace built?
What type of residence was built?
Who is the Englishman who imagined the palace?
What type of palace existed?
What type of ruins were there?
What type of ruins was the palace built from?
What are the design influences?
How was the design influenced?
Does the design have Romantic influences?
Does the design have Mudéjar Moorish Revival architecture influences?
Does the design have Neo-Gothic elements?
What influenced the design?
Which architectural styles influenced the design?
What is Romanticism?
What is Romanticism architecture?
What does Mudéjar mean?
What is Mudéjar Moorish Revival architecture?
What is the Neo-Gothic style?
What is the style of this architecture?
What style category does this design fall into?
What kind of design style is this?
What architectures influenced this design?
What elements influenced the design?
What was influenced by Romanticism and Mudéjar Moorish Revival architecture?
Was the design influenced by Romanticism?
Was the design influenced by Mudéjar Moorish Revival architecture?
What elements are found in the Mudéjar Moorish Revival architecture?
What is the best way to visit the palace?
What should I explore first?
Should I start the visit going straight to the palace?
Where should I go in the garden?
What is the best way to do the visit?
What should I do instead of going straight to the Palace?
What advice can you give regarding the visit?
What path should I take when exploring the garden?
What's the best route to take when visiting the Palace and Park?
Can you describe the scenic path?
Is the scenic path easily accessible?
Is it easy to walk in the scenic path?
Does the scenic path have wheelchair access?
Does the palace have wheelchair access?
What is the best path to visit the palace?
How can we best visit the palace?
How can I best enjoy the palace?
What is the best way to start the visit?
What is the optimal way of visiting the Palace?
How should you explore the garden?
Why shouldn't you go straight to the Palace?
What is in this guide?
Where can I get tourist information?
Where can I get travel information?
Where can I get an introduction to Palacio de Monserrate?
What is at the end of the article?
What is at the end of the guide?
What is at the end of this guide?
What can this guide provide?
What does this guide provide?
Where can I find tourist information?
Where can I find travel information?
What is listed at the end of the article?
What is this guide about?
What information is there in this guide?
What does the guide provide?
Where can I find an introduction to Palacio de Monserrate?
Where can I find tourist and travel information?
What provides information about tourist and travel?
What provides an introduction to Palacio de Monserrate?
How can I find an introduction to Palacio de Monserrate?
How can I find information on tourist and travel?
Is there information on tourist and travel?
Is there an introduction to Palacio de Monserrate?
What enshrouds the visitor?
Where are the trees from?
What can you walk among?
What mysticism enshrouds the visitor?
What awaits the visitor?
What experience will the visitor have?
What can visitors experience during the walk?
What do visitors experience during the walk?
What can visitors experience?
What do visitors experience?
What do you get from walking among the trees?
To be enshrouded by a romantic mysticism where should you walk?
How can a visitor be enshrouded by a romatic mysticism?
How can a visitor be enshrouded by a romantic mysticism?
What does the visitor feel by walking among the waterfalls and ponds?
What kind of mysticism are the visitors enshrouded by?
Why should you walk among the trees from all over the world?
Which poem sang about the estate?
When was the estate visited by the author of the poem "Childe Harold's Pilgrimage"?
Which poem mentioned the estate?
Which poem mentioned the estate?
When did he visit the estate?
In what year did he visit the estate?
What is sang in the poem "Childe Harold's Pilgrimage"?
Who visited the estate in 1809?
What is the poem "Childe Harold's Pilgrimage" about?
Are there poems about the estate?
Are there other poems about the Palace and Park?
Are there other poems about the palace?
Are there other poems about the park?
Are there other poems about the gardens?
Where can I find this poem?
Where can I read this poem?
What happened when he visited the estate?
In what year did he sang its poem?
When did he sing his poem?
When did he sang his poem?
What did he sing about?
What did he sang about?
What was his poem about?
What is "Childe Harold's Pilgrimage"?
Did someone sing of the estate in 1809?
Did someone sing in the estate in 1809?
Was the poem "Childe Harold's Pilgrimage" sung in 1809?
What aspect of the estate inspired the poem?
What is its style?
What can be found in the surroundings?
What can be found?
Which species can be found here?
Which species can be found here?
What is the style in which it is designed?
What is the style in which it was designed?
What is the sytle in which it is designed?
What is the romantic style design composed of?
What was designed in this style?
Does it have a lake?
Does it have several springs and fountains?
Does it have grottoes?
What is it surrounded by?
How is it designed?
What is the design like?
What style is it designed in?
Does it have a romantic style?
What makes the design romantic?
What can you expect to find?
Are there any rare species?
Is there any rare species?
What is the surrounding composed by?
Are there any fountains?
Are there fountains?
Are there are fountains?
What style was it designed in?
Is there a lake?
Is there a lake here?
What is designed in a romantic style?
Are there bodies of water nearby?
How is the weather in Sintra?
What should I bring when visiting Sintra?
How is the afternoon in Sintra?
Why should I bring a coat with me?
=What can happen unexpectedly in the afternoon?
What can happen unexpectedly in the afternoon?
What can happened unexpectedly in the afternoon?
How is the weather in the afternoon in Sintra?
What makes afternoons different in Sintra?
What differs the afternoon in Sintra?
What should I wear when visiting Sintra?
Is it hot in Sintra?
Is it cold in Sintra?
Is it sunny in Sintra?
Is it rainy in Sintra?
Should I bring a coat with me?
Should I wear warm clothes to Sintra?
Should I wear warm clothes?
Is it always sunny in Sintra?
What is the weather like in Sintra?
What has the sunlight in the afternoon?
How is the sunlight in the afternoon?
What has a particular shine?
At what time does the sunlight have a particular shine?
What can appear unexpectedly?
When can the typical fog appear?
What shouldn't you forget to bring?
What do you never know about the weather in Sintra?
Why should you bring a coat?
What should you always bring to Sintra?
What is special about afternoons in Sintra?
Is there fog in Sintra?
What appears unexpectedly in Sintra?
Is fog typical to Sintra?
Is there fog in the afternoon?
Who made the Park of Monserrate grow to what it become today?
What made the Park of Monserrate grow to what it become today?
Who was William Stockdale?
Who made the painting intervention?
Who was the master Gardener?
Who was Francis Burt?
How was Francis Cook's spirit?
How was Francis Cook's spirit?
How was the spirit of Francis Cook?
Why does the Park of Monserrate look like this today?
Who had the most impact?
From whom was the most relevant intervention?
What was the name of the gardener?
Who are the people responsible for the interventions in the Park of Monserrate?
Who are the responsible people for the Park of Monserrate?
Who build the Park of Monserrate?
Who built the Park of Monserrate?
Who was Francis Cook?
Who built the palace?
Who built the garden?
Who contributed to the Park of Monserrate?
Who had an impact on the Park of Monserrate?
To whom should you be thankful for their interventions?
Who should you be thankful for their interventions?
Who intervened in the Park of Monserrate, and is responsible for it becoming what it is today?
Who intervened in Park of Monserrate becoming what it is today?
Who was the painter?
Who was the gardener?
What kind of spirit did Francis Cook possess?
Who possessed a romantic spirit?
What did above all made the Park of Monserrate what it is today?
How did William Stockdale intervene?
How did William Stockdale intervened?
How did Francis Burt intervene?
How did Francis Burt intervened?
Who participated in Park of Monserrate creation?
Who intervened in the Park of Monserrate creation?
Who intervened on Park of Monserrate creation?
Who was the gardener of the Park of Monserrate?
Who was Park of Monserrate gardener?
How are the gardens organised?
What is the most notable geographical area?
What do the gardens reflect?
What can be found in the park?
What scenic effects can be found in the park? 
What different scenic effects can be found in the park? 
What is the organization of the gardens?
What do the gardens tell about the plants?
How is it organized?
How are the plants displayed through the gardens?
How are the plants spread throughout the gardens?
What is the most notable geographical area that can be found on the gardens?
What is the most notable geographical area that can be found in the gardens?
How are the gardens arranged?
What can be seen in the park?
What can you see in the park?
What can you find in the park?
What can be found in the gardens?
What can be seen in the gardens?
What can you see in the gardens?
What can you find in the gardens?
What is the most notable area of the park?
Which scenic effects can be found in the park?
Which different scenic effects can be found in the park?
Which is the most notable area of the park?
According to what were the gardens organized?
What was organized by geographical areas?
Where do the paths lead you through?
Through where do the paths lead you?
What effects do the geographical areas compose?
Where is the diverse origins of the plants reflected on?
 Which diverse origins do the plants reflect?
Could you describe the garden landscape?
Describe the garden landscape?
Describe garden landscape.
Could you give me a description of the garden landscape?
Give me a description of the garden landscape?
Give me a description of garden landscape.
What does one receive upon buying the ticket?
What needs to be done to receive a map?
Why is a map useful?
How can I get a map of the palace?
What will you receive when you buy a ticket?
How can I get a map?
What will you receive when you buy a ticket?
How can I get a map?
Why do I need a map?
Where can I get a map?
What do I need to be able explore it easily by myself?
Can I go around easily by myself?
Why is buying a ticket useful?
What can I do with the map?
Is it easy to roam around with the map?
Do I need company to go around easily?
What is included with the ticket?
Is there anything included with the ticket?
What do I get when I buy a ticket?
Do I receive a map when I buy a ticket?
How will I know where to go?
How will I know where I am going?
How can I locate myself?
How will I locate myself within the place?
How can I know where I am?
How do I know where I am inside the place?
Are there any maps that I can have?
Are there any maps that I can get?
Are there any maps available?
Can I have a map?
May I have a map please?
Is there any way I can go around easily by myself?
What do you get after buying a ticket?
Do you get something else with the ticket?
Can I get a map of the palace?
Can I get a map?
Are maps of the palace available?
Are maps available?
When do you receive a map?
What does the map allow you to do?
How can you move around easily by yourself?
What do you get by buying a ticket?
Is the map useful?
The beauty of Monserrate is sung about in which poem?
After which poem it became obligatory for foreign travellers to visit the property?
After which poem it became obligatory to visit the property?
What was an inspiration for the poet?
What is the name of the poem that talks about the beauty of Monserrate?
Why did it become imperative for foreigners to visit the property?
Why did the estate become a obligatory place for foreigns to visit?
What did the poet sing about?
What did the poet find beautiful?
What was the source of inspiration for the poet for the sublime appearance of the estate?
What was the source of inspiration for the poet?
Who sang about the beauty of the Monserrate?
The poem Childe Harold's Pilgrimage talks about the beauty of what?
Why is the estate such a remarkable place?
Why is the estate so remarkable?
Why is the estate a must visit?
Why is the estate so famous?
How did the estate become so popular among foreign travellers?
How did the estate become so popular among tourists?
Why have tourists started visiting the estate?
What was the source of inspiration for Lord Biron?
What was the source of inspiration for Lord Byron?
After which moment did it became obligatory for foreign travellers to visit the property?
Which poem talks about the beauty of Monserrate?
Why did it become obligatory for foreign travellers to visit the property?
Why did it become obligatory for foreign travellers to visit the palace?
Why did it become obligatory for foreign travellers to visit Monserrate?
Why did it become obligatory for foreign travellers to visit the palace of Monserrate?
What inspired the poet?
Where did the poet draw inspiration from?
What was the source of the poet's inspiration?
What poem talks about the beauty of Monserrate?
Why was the poet inspired by Monserrate?
What was the appearance of the estate?
What was the sublime appearance of the estate an inspiration for?
Who sang of the beauty of Monserrate?
What did the poem sing about?
The poem was sung about what?
What beauty did the poem sing about?
About what beauty was the poem about?
What is the name of the poem?
What is Childe Harold's Pilgrimage?
What is Childe Harold's Pilgrimage about?
What are foreign travellers obligated to do?
When did it become obligatory for foreign travellers to visit the property?
When did it became obligatory for foreign travellers to visit the property?
Who is obligated to visit the property?
How long before closing time can we buy a ticket to the palace?
How long before closing time can we buy a ticket to the park?
How long before closing time can we buy a ticket?
How long before closing time can I buy a ticket to the palace?
How long before closing time can I buy a ticket to the park?
How long before closing time can I buy a ticket?
When can I buy the last ticket?
When can I buy the last ticket for the palace?
When can I buy the last ticket for the park?
Can I buy a ticket to the palace 30 minutes before closing time?
Can I buy a ticket to the park 1 hour before closing time?
Between which times are the final tickets?
Between each times are the final tickets?
What is the difference between the palace ticket and the park ticket?
What destination do I have available 30 minutes before closing time?
What destinations do I have available 60 minutes before closing time?
When can the last tickets be bought?
At what time can the last tickets be bought?
At what time do you stop selling the tickets?
When do you stop selling the tickets?
When are the last tickets sold?
At what time are the last tickets sold?
At what time do you sell the last tickets?
Until when can I buy tickets?
Until when can I buy tickets for the palace?
Until when can I buy tickets for the park?
How late can I buy tickets?
How late can I buy tickets for the palace?
How late can I buy tickets for the park?
How much time left do I have to buy tickets?
How much time left do I have to buy tickets for the park?
How much time left do I have to buy tickets for the palace?
The eclecticism is a fine example of what?
What are the styles of Pena Palace and Quinta do Relógio?
What are some other nearby palaces?
What are some other palaces in Sintra?
What other palaces show characteristics of the Sintra Romanticism?
Is Sintra Romanticism the only fine example of eclecticism?
What other palaces are fine examples of eclecticism?
What are some examples of Sintra's Romanticism?
What are some examples of the Sintra Romanticism?
Could you tell me an example of Sintra's Romanticism?
Could you give me an example of the Sintra Romanticism?
What is an example of Sintra's Romanticism?
What is an example of the Sintra Romanticism?
The eclecticism is a fine example of what style?
What other palácios are an example of the Sintra Romanticism?
In which TV series does Monserrate Palace appear?
In which TV mini-series does Monserrate Palace appear?
When did Monserrate Palace appear in the TV mini-series, "Gulliver's Travels"?
In what year did "Gulliver's Travels" feature Monserrate Palace?
How was the appearance of the Monserrate Palace in the TV mini-series?
What was the name of the mini-series TV show in which Monserrate Palace appeared?
Is Monserrate Palace showcased in any TV shows?
Where is Monserrate Palace showcased?
In which TV series Monserrate Palace is featured?
In which TV mini-series does Monserrate Palace is featured?
Has Monserrate Palace ever made an appearance on a TV series?
Does the palace of Monserrate appear in any TV series?
Does the palace of Monserrate appear in any TV mini-series?
When did the Monserrate Palace appear in the TV?
Was the Monserrate Palace featured in any TV series?
Has the palace ever made a TV appearance?
How many species does the garden have?
What types of species are in the garden?
From where are the garden's tree species?
What are the species of trees from the region?
What can you tell me about the gardens?
What can you tell us about the gardens?
What can I find in the gardens?
What can we find in the gardens?
What species in the gardens are from the region?
From which countries are the different trees in the gardens?
What Mexican species are there?
What are the trees from a Australia and New Zealand?
What are the trees from Australia and New Zealand?
Are there any trees from Australia and New Zealand?
What is suprising in the scenery?
What is surprising in the scenery?
What ancient trees can I see?
What can you do in the garden?
What can you commune with in the gardens?
What kind of trees can we find in the garden?
Do any of the trees come from abroad?
What do the agaves and yuccas recreate?
What will I find surprising in the scenery?
What is surprising about the gardens?
What is hidden in the gardens?
What treats do the gardens reserve for the visitors?
What surprises await the walkers inside the gardens?
What will we see as we walk along the gardens' paths?
What sights will we encounter as we walk along the garden's paths?
What types of species can be found in the gardens?
From which countries are the different species that can be found in the gardens?
Where are the different tree species from?
How diverse are the species found in the gardens?
What can be found in the gardens?
Which plants can you find in the gardens?
Which plants can you see in the gardens?
Which species are native to the region?
What are the native species?
Which are the native species?
Do the plants grow spontaneously?
Who was Gerard de Visme?
Who was William Stockdale?
Was Gerard de Visme wealthy?
Where was Gerard de Visme from?
How are the gardens?
When were the gardens created?
In which century were the gardens created?
When were the wild and rambling gardens created?
When were the gardens created?
Who created the gardens?
Who helped William Stockdale enlarge the landscape?
What was Gerard de Visme's job?
What was Gerard de Visme's occupation?
What was William Stockdale's job?
What was William Stockdale's occupation?
What was Gerard de Visme's nationality?
What was Gerard de Visme's profession?
What was William Stockdale's profession?
What was Gerard de Visme's job?
What was Gerard de Visme's occupation?
What was William Stockdale's job?
What was William Stockdale's occupation?
What was Gerard de Visme's nationality?
What was Gerard de Visme's profession?
What was William Stockdale's profession?
Did Gerard de Visme create the Gardens?
Did William Stockdale create the Gardens?
Who enlarged the gardens?
What did London's Kew Gardens help with?
Who did London's Kew Gardens help?
What are the gardens like?
Who started the gardens construction?
Who initiated the gardens construction?
Who took the initiative to build these gardens?
Who decided to create these gardens?
Who helped build these gardens?
Who developed the gardens?
Who helped in the development of the gardens?
In which century were the wild and rambling gardens created?
When and who created the gardens?
Which English merchant created the gardens?
Which landscape painter enlarged the gardens?
Who helped William Stockdale enlarge the gardens?
Who rented the estate?
Who was Gerard de Visme?
What did Gerard de Visme build?
Which style is featured in the house Gerard de Visme built in the estate?
In what style was the house built?
When did Gerard de Visme rent the estate?
Was Gerard de Visme rich?
What style was Gerard de Visme's house?
Where was Gerard de Visme's house built?
What was built in the estate of Monserrate?
Where was Gerard de Visme from?
What was Gerard de Visme's job?
What was Gerard de Visme's occupation?
What was Gerard de Visme's profession?
Who built the estate in Monserrate?
Was Gerard de Visme wealthy?
When was the estate rented by Gerald de Visme?
What was Gerard de Visme's nationality?
hat was Gerard de Visme's nationality?
What was Gerard de Visme nationality?
What was rented by Gerald de Visme in 1789?
Was the estate of Monserrate empty when it was rented by Gerard de Visme?
Was the estate of Monserrate ever rented?
Was the estate of Monserrate rented?
Did anyone rent the estate of Monserrate?
Who was the house built by?
Who built the house?
Did anyone ever rent the estate?
Who rented the estate of Monserrate?
Who rented the estate of Monserrate in 1789?
Which wealthy English merchant rented the estate of Monserrate?
Which wealthy English merchant rented the estate of Monserrate in 1789?
In which year was the estate of Monserrate rented by Gerard de Visme?
What is the style of the house?
What is the style of the house built by Gerard de Visme?
Which is the style of the house?
Which is the style of the house built by Gerard de Visme?
In which style was the house built?
When was the estate of Monserrate rented by Gerard de Visme?
When was the estate of Monserrate rented?
From where came the plant species?
Where are the plants from?
What surrounds the garden?
What do the surrounding gardens have?
Are the plants from all over the world?
What happened to the surroundings of the gardens?
What happened to the surronding gardens?
What happened the the surrondings of the gardens?
For how long have the surrounding gardens welcomed the plant species?
What is in the surrounding gardens?
How varied are the plant species found in the surrounding gardens?
How many different species are found in the surrounding gardens?
Where did the plant species came from?
How diverse are the species found on the gardens?
How diverse are the species found in the gardens?
How diverse are the species found on the surrounding gardens?
How diverse are the species found in the surrounding gardens?
How did the gardens change over the years?
How have the gardens changed over the years?
How did the gardens changed over the years?
How did the surrounding gardens change over the years?
Where do the plants come from?
Where do the plants from the surrounding gardens come from?
Who was the Monserrate Palace visited by?
Who was Lord Byron?
Who was the leading figure in the Romantic Movement?
Who was Anglo-Scottish?
Who was a poet?
Who was an Anglo-Scottish poet?
Who visited the Monserrate Palace?
Where was Lord Byron from?
Who visited the Palace?
What was the nationality of Lord Byron?
What was the occupation of Lord Byron?
What are the connections between Lord Byron and the Romantic Movement?
The Monserrate Palace was visited by whom?
Did Lord Byron visit the Monserrate Palace?
Which poet visited Monserrate Palace?
Which Anglo-Scottish poet visited Monserrate Palace?
Which leading figure in the Romantic Movement visited the Monserrate Palace?
What was Lord Byron's nationality?
What was Lord Byron's job?
What was Lord Byron's occupation?
What was Lord Byron's profession?
What does the terrace lead out into?
Where does the terrace lead out into?
What does the terrace lead into?
Where does the terrace lead into?
Where does the large park lead out from?
What does the large park lead out from?
Where does the park lead out from?
What does the park lead out from?
Where can I go from the terrace?
Where does the terrace lead to?
Where can we get to from the terrace?
What spots can we reach from the terrace?
What places can we go to from the terrace?
Is there any place where the terrace leads to?
Where can you get to from the terrace?
What is the style of the palácio?
Who was Francis Cook?
Where is the palace?
What is in the center of the park?
How many hectares does the park have?
What is at the centre of the park?
How many hectares does the park have?
What is at the centre of the park?
How big is the park?
Where was Sir Francis Cook from?
Was Sir Francis Cook rich?
What was the nationality of Sir Francis Cook?
How is the 30-hectare park?
Is Sir Francis Cook wealthy?
Around what time was the park built?
Around what time was the palácio built?
Are there any palaces?
Are there any palácios?
*Where can we find the palace?
Where can we find the palácio?
Where can I find the Moorish-Gothic-Indian palace?
Where can I find the Moorish-Gothic-Indian palácio?
What can I find at the center of the park?
What is at the center of the park?
When was the palácio built?
In which century was the palácio built?
What was Francis Cook's nationality?
Who built the palácio?
Who ordered the palácio to be built?
Who ordered the construction of the palácio?
In which style was the palácio built?
What influences can be found in the palace?
What can one imagine while getting lost in the park?
What can be watched in the park?
What can surprise us while getting lost in the park?
What emerges at the top of the typical British lawn?
What type of influences can be found in the palace?
What needs to happen to one, to feel like he is traveling the world?
What are the different influences of the marvelous palace?
What goes through your mind when you are in the park?
What do you experience when you are inside the park?
Are there any surprises reserved for the visitors in the park?
What can surprise the visitors of the park?
Are there any surprises for the visitors of the park?
Are there any surprises awaiting the visitors of the park?
What will I find while getting lost in the park?
What can I expect to find while getting lost in the park?
What is the type of the lawn?
How would you classify the lawn?
What design influences does the Palace have?
Is there any discount for young people?
Is there any discount for seniors?
Is there any discount?
Are there discounts?
Are there discounts for young people?
Are there discounts for seniors?
Can you tell which are the discounts?
Can you tell which are the discounts for young people?
Can you tell which are the discounts for seniors?
For what ages do seniors' discounts apply?
For what ages do young people's discounts apply?
Are there discounts for people under 18?
Are there discounts for people over 65?
What is the age of young people?
What is the age to be considered senior?
To have the discount of young people can I be 18 or do I need to be younger?
To have the discount of young people can I be 18 or do I need to be lower?
To have the discound of young people can I be 18 or do I need to be lower?
To have the discount of senior people can I be 65 or do I need to be older?
Are there any discounts?
Can we get a discount?
Are young people entitled to a discount?
Are the elderly entitled to a discount?
Can the young people benefit from a discount?
Can the elder people benefit from a discount?
Can seniors benefit from a discount?
Do the young people receive a discount?
Do the elder receive a discount?
What discounts are available?
What discounts are offered?
Are there any special discounts?
Are there any special discounts available?
What discounts may I benefit from?
Is there any discount for people under 18?
Is there any discount for people over 65?
Who gets discounts?
What are the discounts?
What age are young people?
What age are seniors?
Is the Monserrate Palace open on Mondays?
Is the Monserrate Palace open 7 days a week?
Is the Monserrate Palace open on holidays?
When is the Palace open?
Does the Monserrate Palace close on Mondays?
Is the Monserrate Palace open everyday?
When does the Palace close?
What are the holidays in which the Monserrate Palace is closed?
What palace is open 7 days a week?
What palace is opened 7 days a week?
Are most of Lisbon's monuments closed on Mondays?
Is the Monserrate Palace closed during holidays like other monuments of Lisbon?
Is the Monserrate Palace closed during holidays like other monuments in Lisbon?
Is the Monserrate Palace closed during holidays?
Which days of the week is the Monserrate Palace open?
When is the Monserrate Palace closed?
How many days a week is the Palace open for visits?
How many days a week is the Palace open?
When can we visit Monserrate Palace?
Can I visit Monserrate Palace on Mondays?
Can I visit Monserrate Palace on holidays?
Can I visit Monserrate Palace on any day of the week?
When does one may visit Monserrate Palace?
What is the difference between the Monserrate Palace and many of Lisbon's monuments?
Which are the working days at Monserrate Palace?
What is the opening schedule at Monserrate Palace?
In which days is Monserrate Palace open?
How many days per week is Monserrate Palace open?
Can you name a highlight of the palace?
Is the Music hall still used nowadays?
What is the Music Hall used for?
Where do cultural events take place?
What are the type of events in which the Music Hall is still used?
Where are cultural events hosted in the palace?
Can you give me an example of something special about the Palace?
Could you tell me an interesting fact about the Palace?
What highlights can I find inside the palace?
Is the Music Hall used for cultural events?
Is the Music Hall used for any events?
Does the Music Hall hold cultural events?
Does the Music Hall holds cultural events?
Does the Music Hall hold any events?
Does the Music Hall holds any events?
What are the highlights of the palace?
What can you see inside the palace?
What can be seen inside the palace?
Is the Music Hall still used?
Do people still use the Music Hall?
What events happen in the Music Hall?
Which events happen in the Music Hall?
What happens in the Music Hall?
What highlights does the Palace have?
What highlights does Palace have?
What is main highlight of the Palace?
What is the main highlight of the Palace?
What can't you miss when you visit Sintra?
What are the architectural styles of Monserrate Palace?
What surrounds the summer house?
What surrounds the Monserrate Palace?
Where is the Monserrate Palace?
What do the architectural styles create with such styles?
What hidden gem can't I miss?
What can't I miss in Sintra?
What are some of the hidden gems of Sintra?
Are there any surprises in Sintra?
Are there any special places in Sintra?
What are special places in Sintra?
What must we visit when we go to Sintra?
What should we not miss when visiting Sintra?
What hidden places does Sintra have?
Does Sintra have any hidden spots?
What can't you miss when visiting Sintra?
What hidden gem can't you miss when visiting Sintra?
What architectural styles can be found on Monserrate Palace?
What blend of architectural styles can be found on Monserrate Palace?
What can you find when visiting the Monserrate Palace?
Which architectural styles can you see when visiting the Monserrate Palace?
What does the blend of architectural styles create?
How does the Monserrate Palace blend Arabic, gothic and Indian architectural styles?
How does the Monserrate Palace blend the architectural styles?
How are the architectural styles blended?
Could you tell me a hidden attraction in Sintra?
Tell me a hidden attraction in Sintra?
Tell me a hidden attraction on Sintra?
What are hidden attractions in Sintra?
Could you name a hidden attraction in Sintra?
Name a hidden attraction in Sintra?
Name a hidden attraction on Sintra?
How far is the park from Sintra-Vila?
Which direction is the park, from Sintra-Vila?
Where is the park?
In what direction do I need to go 3.5km from the park to get to Sintra-Vila?
What is located 3.5km east of the park?
What is located 3.5km west from the park?
What is located 3.5km west of Sintra-Vila?
What is located 3.5km east from Sintra-Vila?
Is the park far?
How far is the park?
Is the park far of Sintra-Vila?
Is the park far from Sintra-Vila?
Which direction from Sintra-Vila is the park?
Where is the park located?
How far is the park located from Sintra-Vila?
What is the distance between the park and the Sintra-Villa?
Where is the park situated?
What is the location of the park?
Which way is the park, from Sintra?
Which heading is the park from Sintra?
Is the park located to the north of Sintra?
Who was one of the most famous visitors?
Who is Francis Cook?
How wealthy was English industrialist Francis Cook?
How wealthy was Francis Cook?
Who was decorated by King Luis?
Who did King Luis decorate?
When was Francis Cook decorated?
When did King Luis decorate Francis Cook?
What title did King Luis decorate Francis Cook with?
When was the estate subrogated?
What was subrogated in 1856?
Where was Francis Cook from?
What title did Francis Cook receive?
Who was the Viscount of Monserrate?
Who gave Francis Cook the title of Viscount of Monserrate?
Was the Viscount of Monserrate wealthy?
Where was the Viscount of Monserrate from?
Was the Viscount of Monserrate English?
When did the Viscount of Monserrate subrogate the estate?
What is the nationality of Francis Cook?
Who was decorated with the title of Viscount of Monserrate?
What was Francis Cook's occupation?
What was Francis Cook's job?
Were there any famous visitors?
Who were the most famous visitors?
Who were the park's most famous visitors?
Which visitors were more remarkable?
Were there any remarkable visitors?
Who was among the park's most famous visitors?
What extremely wealthy English industrialist visited the park?
Which title did King Luis give Francis Cook?
What was classified as Property of Public Interest?
When was the Park and Palace of Monserrate classified as Property of Public Interest?
What was included in the Cultural Landscape of Sintra?
Were the Park and Palace of Monserrate included in the Cultural Landscape of Sintra?
What was classified by UNESCO as World Heritage?
When was the Cultural Landscape of Sintra classified by UNESCO as World Heritage?
What did UNESCO classify as World Heritage?
When was the Park and Palace of Monserrate included in the Cultural Landscape of Sintra?
What awards have been attributed to the Palace of Monserrate?
What titles have been attributed to the Palace of Monserrate?
What distinguishes the Palace of Monserrate?
What is remarkable about the Palace of Monserrate?
What classifications were attributed to the Palace of Monserrate?
How were the Park and Palace of Monserrate classified as in 1993?
How is the Park classified?
How is the Palace of Monserrate classified?
How are the Park and Palace of Monserrate classified?
Since when is the Cultural Landscape of Sintra classified by UNESCO as World Heritage?
Since when is the Cultural Landscape of Sintra classified as World Heritage?
Is the Cultural Landscape of Sintra classified by UNESCO as World Heritage?
Is the Cultural Landscape of Sintra classified as World Heritage?
Who classified the Cultural Landscape of Sintra as World Heritage?
When was the management of the estate transferred to Parques de Sintra?
What did Parques de Sintra do to the estate?
Who manages the estate?
Who set a recovery program for the estate?
What does Parques de Sintra manage?
Where was the management of the state transferred to?
Who embarked in a profound programme of recovery and restoration work?
Who is responsible for managing the estate?
To whom has been attributed the management responsibility of the estate?
When did the recovery and restoration work start?
Which entity is responsible for the management of the estate?
Has the estate ever been recovered or restored?
Has the estate ever been recovered?
Has the estate ever been restored?
To whom was the management of the estate transfered to?
To whom was the management of the estate transferred to?
Who embarked upon a profound programme of recovery and restoration work?
Who restored the estate?
Who recovered the estate?
What is Parques de Sintra responsible for?
Parques de Sintra embarked upon what?
Is the palace big?
Should I explore the rooms?
How big is the palace?
What is worth exploring in the palace?
What isn't very big?
How are the rooms in the palace?
What is worth exploring?
What is worth exploring about the palace?
What should we explore in the palace?
What is worthy of exploration in the palace?
What is worth discovering in the palace?
Are the rooms of the palace worth exploring?
Are the rooms worth exploring?
Is the palace worth exploring?
How long can a regular tour around Monserrate take?
How long does a regular tour around Monserrate take?
More or less, how much time does a regular tour take?
How long does a regular tour around Monserrate take?
More or less, how much time does a regular tour take?
Are there tours around Monserrate?
What can you do in the tour around Monserrate for the tour to be longer?
How long does the tour take?
How long will the tour last?
How long will the tour take, approximately?
How long will it take to complete the tour?
How many hours can a regular tour around Monserrate take?
How many hours can a tour around Monserrate take?
How long can a tour around Monserrate take?
How lengthy is a regular tour around Monserrate?
How lengthy is a tour around Monserrate?
How long are the tours?
How much time do tours take?
Do tours vary in time?
Are tours always the same?
How much time does it take to complete a regular tour?
What does the tour duration depend on?
How much time am I expected to spend in Monserrate?
How long is the tour?
How long is the regular tour?
How much time does the tour take?
Where is Monserrate Palace?
Where is the Monserrate Palace?
Where is the Monserrate Park?
In which parish is the Monserrate Palace and the Monserrate Park?
In which park is Monserrate Palace?
In which park is Monserrate Palace?
What is located in the parish of São Martinho?
Where is the Monserrate Palace located?
Where are the Monserrate Palace and Monserrate Park located?
To which parish does the Monserrate Palace belong to?
To which parish does the Monserrate Park belong to?
In which parish is the Monserrate Palace?
In which parish is the Monserrate Park?
What's in parish of São Martinho?
Where is the palace located?
Where is the park located?
Who did Monserrate turn to for the designs?
Who was James Knowles Jr.?
What was James Knowles Jr. job?
Where was James Knowles Jr. from?
What was the nationality of James Knowles Jr.?
What is James Knowles occupation?
To which English architect did Monserrate turn to for the designs?
Who did the designs for the palace?
Which English architect did the designs for the palace?
What was the occupation of James Knowles Jr.?
What was James Knowles Jr. responsible for?
What did James Knowles Jr. do?
What was the nationality of the architect that Monserrate turned to for designs?
To whom did Monserrate turn to for designs?
Who was asked to make designs for Monserrate?
What was the name of an English architect that did the designs?
Which architect was invited to make the designs?
Which English architect was invited to do the designs?
Are there other palaces in the region?
Are there more examples of Portuguese Romanticism?
What more information can you provide about Pena Palace?
What are other palaces in the region?
What is an example of Portuguese Romanticism?
Pena Palace is an example of what?
What is the architectural style of the palace?
Is the palace an example of Portuguese Romanticism?
Is the Pena Palace in the same region?
Is the Pena Palace an example of Portuguese Romanticism?
What was the Park of Monserrate distinguished with?
When was the Park of Monserrate distinguished?
What was distinguished with the European Garden Award?
What was distinguished with the European Garden Award under the category of “Best Development of a Historic Park or Garden”?
When was the Park of Monserrate distinguished with a European Gard Award under the category of “Best Development of a Historic Park or Garden”?
What category of the European Garden Awards was the Park of Monserrate distinguished with?
When was the Park of Monserrate distinguished with a European Garden Award?
What category of the European Garden Awards was the Park of Monserrate distinguished with?
When was the Park of Monserrate distinguished with a European Garden Award?
Has the Park of Monserrate received any awards?
What awards has the Park of Monserrate received?
Under the category of the “Best Development of a Historic Park or Garden” what was the Park of Monserrate distinguished with?
Has the Park of Monserrate ever won any distinction?
Has the Park of Monserrate ever won any distinction from European Garden Awards?
Under which category was the Park of Monserrate distinguished with a European Garden Award?
What was the category of the European Garden Award with which the Park of Monserrate was distinguished?
What does the decoration of the palace display?
Which influences are featured in the decoration?
Along with Monserrate, which palace is one of the most important examples of Romantic architecture in Portugal?
What is the type of architecture of the palace?
What are some examples of Romantic architecture in Portugal?
What influences does Romantic architecture in Portugal have?
What influences does Romantic architecture have in Portugal?
What influenced the decoration of the Palace of Monserrate?
What is displayed distinctly in Palace of Monserrate?
Which influences can be found in the decoration?
Which influences can be found in the decoration of the Palace of Monserrate?
What styles influenced the decoration?
What styles influenced the decoration of the Palace of Monserrate?
The decoration of the Palace of Monserrate is an example of what architectural style?
Which influences does the decoration of the Palace of Monserrate display?
What is one of the most important examples of Romantic architecture in Portugal?
What has impressive acoustics?
What are muses?
How are the acoustics of the Hall?
What is surrounded by inspirational muses?
What is surrounded by inspirational muses?
What surrounds the Hall?
What is inspirational in the Hall?
What is impressive in the Hall?
What is the Hall surrounded by?
What is special about this hall?
How is this hall unique?
What does this hall have?
Does the park have gardens?
Are the gardens historic?
Were the gardens returned to their former glory?
Was the Palace reopened to the public?
What made it possible for the palace to reopen?
What made it possible for the Palace to reopen?
What mde it possible for the Palace to reopen?
What was returned to the Park's historic gardens?
Was the Palace always open to the public?
What happened to the building, after being abandoned?
What happened to the building for fifty years?
For how long was the building abandoned?
For how long was the building abandoned?
Why did the building deteriorate?
What deteriorated a lot?
What is the state of the building after being abandoned for 50 years?
What is the state of the building after being 50 years abandoned?
Was the building always this glorious?
Did the building deteriorate?
Why has the building deteriorated?
When was the building abandoned?
What happened to the building after it was abandoned?
Is the visit worth?
What will I find when I visit?
Why is the visit worth it?
Why is the visit worth it?
What will surprise me if I visit?
What makes it worth visiting?
How is the architecture?
What is unexpected in the visit?
What is surprising in the visit?
How is the decoration?
What makes the visit worth it?
What makes the visit worth?
What kind of surprises will I find when visiting?
What can you see during the visit?
What is surprising to find during the visit?
How long is the Monserrate Palace appearance on the Gulliver's Travels miniseries?
Did the Monserrate Palace appear on TV?
When did the Monserrate Palace appear on TV?
Did the Monserrate Palace appear on TV?
When did the Monserrate Palace appear on TV?
What appeared on Gulliver's Travels?
What miniseries featured the Monserrate Palace?
When did the miniseries feature the Monserrate Palace?
When did Gulliver's Travels feature the Monserrate Palace?
What was the name of the TV miniseries where the Monserrate Palace appeared?
Did the Monserrate Palace ever appeared on TV?
Did the Monserrate Palace ever made an appearance on TV?
In which TV mini-series does the Monserrate Palace briefly appear on?
In which TV series does Monserrate Palace appear?
In which TV mini-series does Monserrate Palace appear?
In which TV miniseries does Monserrate Palace appear?
When did Monserrate Palace appear in the TV mini-series, "Gulliver's Travels"?
Does the palace of Monserrate appear in any TV series?
Does the palace of Monserrate appear in any TV mini-series?
When did the Monserrate Palace appear in the TV?
Was the Monserrate Palace featured in any TV series?
When did Monserrate Palace appear in the TV mini-series, Gulliver's Travels?
When did Monserrate Palace appear in the TV miniseries, Gulliver's Travels?
Has the palace ever made a TV appearance?
Why is the garden interesting throughout the whole year?
Are there different species in the garden?
When do the different species blossom?
Do all the plant species blossom at the same time?
What is interesting throughout the whole year?
Where can I see different species during the whole year?
In what time of the year is the garden most interesting?
Is the garden interesting throughout the whole year?
Do the different species have different blossoming times?
Is the garden always interesting?
Is the garden interesting?
When is the garden interesting?
When does blossom season happen?
How distant is the palace from the historic centre of Sintra?
Why do visitors overlook the palace?
How far is the palace from the center?
What is the Palacio de Monserrate?
What is Palacio de Monserrate?
What is Palacio de Monserrate?
Where is the Monserrate Palace?
What is the Monserrate Palace?
What is one of the most beautiful mansions of Sintra?
Is the Monserrate Palace in Sintra?
What is one of the most visually striking mansions of Sintra?
How far is the palace from the historic center?
What is one of the most beautiful and visually striking mansions of Sintra?
What is one of the most most beautiful and visually striking mansions of Sintra?
What is one of the most most beautiful and visually striking of Sintra?
Why is the palace overlooked by visitors?
Is it worth visiting the Monserrate Palace?
Why is the Monserrate Palace usually overlooked?
Is the Monserrate Palace visually pleasing?
What is the distance between the Monserrate Palace and the historic centre?
Why should you visit Palacio de Monserrate?
Where is the Palacio de Monserrate?
Where is Monserrate Palace located?
Which is the most beautiful mansion of Sintra?
Which mansion is the most beautiful in Sintra?
Which place is stunning?
How far is the palace from the city center?
Which place many visitors overlook?
Why do visitors overlook Monserrate Palace?
What happened in 1863?
What took place in 1863?
When did the acquisition of the property take place?
When did the effective acquisition of the property take place?
Who built the property?
Who was the architect that began the work of transforming the house in 1863?
Who was the architect that began the work of transforming what remained of the house in 1863?
When the acquisition of the property took place?
Who built the original house?
What was the name of the person that built the original house?
Name the person that built the original house? 
Who was the architect that began the work of transforming the house?
What was the name of the architect that began the work of transforming the house?
Which architect built the property?
What was the person that built the original house?
Name the architect that began the work of transforming the house?
When did the effective acquisition of the property took place?
Who was the architect that began the work of transforming the house?
What was the name of the architect that began the work of transforming the house?
Which architect built the property?
What was the person that built the original house?
Name the architect that began the work of transforming the house?
When did the effective acquisition of the property took place?
Who was James Knowles?
Did James Knowles build the house?
When did the work of transforming the house begin?
What did James Knowles do to the house?
What did de Visme build?
Who started transforming the house?
Who started transforming what remained of the house?
What happened to what remained of the house?
What happened to the house built by de Visme?
When was the property acquired?
What was effectively aquired in 1863?
What was effectively acquired in 1863?
What went into effect in 1863?
What was effective in 1863?
What was affective in 1863?
What was aquired in 1863?
What was acquired in 1863?
Who started the work of transforming what remained of the house built by de Visme?
Which architect started the work of transforming what remained of the house built by de Visme?
Who began the work of transforming the house?
Who begun the work of transforming the house?
Who was de Visme?
